=head1 NAME

CHANGES - Revision history for WordNet::SenseRelate::AllWords

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=over 

=item 0.13

Date : January 22, 2009 

=over

=item 1)

Setup for wsd.pl experiments. Added 2 scripts scorer2-sort.pl and 
wsd-experiments.pl. scorer2-sort.pl sorts the output of scorer2-format.pl 
so that it can be used as input to the Senseval scorer2 program.
wsd-experiments.pl runs wsd experiments. 

=item 2)

Documentation changes in wsd.pl, scorer2-format.pl, semcor-reformat.pl.

=item 3)

Makefile changes to install newly added perl scripts. 

=back

=item 0.12

Date : November 03, 2008 

=over

=item 1)

Fixed client server model for the web interface. The allwords
server can run on a different machine, from where your web 
server is running.

=item 2)

User data is now stored on the client machine so that it is 
easily accessible to the user.

=item 3)

Added a mandatory --logfile parameter alomg with other optional 
parameters to allwords_server.pl

=item 4)

Removed --outfile option from wsd.pl and added --glosses options 
to display glosses

=item 5) 

Moved default-stoplist-raw.txt from 
WordNet-SenseRelate-AllWords/web/cgi-bin/allwords to
/WordNet-SenseRelate-AllWords/web/cgi-bin/allwords/user_data

=back

=item 0.11

Date : June 17, 2008 

=over

=item 1)

Removed compounding logic from AllWords.pm. Compounding is now
done using WordNet::Tools compoundify. The clients, wsd.pl and 
allwords_server.pl don't call compoundify any more. They creat 
WordNet::Tools object and pass it as a parameter while creating 
AllWords object.

=item 2)

Moved sentence splitter from wsd.pl to a util program, 
sentence_split.pl. All input formats will now assume that input 
is one sentence per line, one line per sentence. 

=item 3)

Removed parsed format test case from t/wsd.t

=item 4)

Context was considered as a single line if more than one line 
was entered in the textarea on the web interface.
Now the input is considered as one sentence per line, one line 
per sentence.

=back


=item 0.10

Date : May 29, 2008 

=over

=item 1)

Added proper error messages for the words which are ignored 
during disambiguation. A suffix is attached to the word in 
order to indicate why it is ignored for disambiguation.
For example, the word 'the' is not defined in WordNet and
hence is ignored. We attach the#ND to indicate that this 
word is not defined in WordNet

=item 2)

Added context file and config file option to the Web 
interface

=item 3)

Removed --compounds option from wsd.pl as we decided to 
use centralized compoundify module WordNet::Tools

=item 4)

Added compoundify in wsd.pl. This is done using the 
centralized WordNet::Tools module

=item 5)

Removed WordNet::SenseRelate dependency of the Web interface. 
Now compoundifying is done using WordNet::Tools

=back

=item 0.09

Date : April 10, 2008 (all changes by TDP)

=over

=item 1)

Modified test cases further to check for WordNet version using 
WordNet::Tools. Changes introduced in 0.08 testing were based on 
WordNet::QueryData's deprecated version test. Now skip all tests 
if we don't find version 2.0, 2.1, or 3.0, and introduce version
specific tests within those as needed (if results change from
one version of WordNet to the next). 

=item 2)

Added reference to Jason Michelizzi's MS thesis, which gives many 
details about the AllWords approach, plus experimental results

=back

=item 0.08

Date : March 20, 2008 (all changes by TDP)

=over

=item 1)

Fixed bug in AllWords.pm that caused disambiguate to fail when window 
not specified. we now default to window size 3.

=item 2)

Fixed synopsis in AllWords.pm to provide a cut and paste program that 
should run

=item 3)

Modified Makefile.PL to allow for use of 'make dist' and create META.yml

=item 4)

Changed release procedure, now using 'make dist' in order to avoid CVS 
export, and also create a directory that unpacks with a version number.

=back 

=item 0.07 

Date : March 17, 2008

=over

=item 1) 

Added web interface support for AllWords (see /web for details) (vk)

=item 2)

Updated version information in AllWords.pm to 0.07 (vk)

=item 3)

changed Changes file to CHANGES.pod (tdp)

=item 4)

added INSTALL.pod to /web (tdp)

=item 5)

updated version, copyright, and author info in README.pod (tdp)

=back

=item 0.06

Thu May 19 14:06:10 2005 (all changes by JM)

=over

=item 1)

added fixed mode

=back

=item 0.05

Mon May 02 16:12:36 2005 (all changes by JM)

=over

=item 1)

changed definition of context window to be total number of words

=item 2)

cleaned up errors in documentation

=item 3)

renamed reformat-for-senseval.pl as scorer2-format.pl

=item 4)

added command-line help to scorer2-format.pl and semcor-reformat.pl and expanded documentation

=item 5)

changed the compound-finding function so that only collocations of 
length MAX_COMPOUND_LENGTH or less are considered.           
MAX_COMPOUND_LENGTH is a constant defined in AllWords.pm.

=item 6)

added new wntagged format

=back

=item 0.04

Tue Apr 12 10:40:48 2005 (all changes by JM)

=over

=item 1)

fixed serious bug that often prevented higher numbered senses of target 
words from being considered

=item 2)

fixed errors in wsd.pl when --format is omitted

=item 3)

added diagnostic messages when stoplist is malformed

=item 4)

fixed bug in windowing that prevented window from expanding under 
certain circumstances

=item 5)

added new traces levels for displaying semantic relatedness scores and 
making ouput of zero values optional

=item 6)

fixed bug where sense1 and random schemes would fail when used 
with a stoplist or tagged text 

=item 7)

clarified description of window in documentation

=item 8)

added sample stoplist

=item 9)

suppress irrelevant configuration information when wsd.pl is run under 
sense1 or random

=item 10)

updated test scripts to reflect recent changes

=item 11)

renamed as WordNet::SenseRelate::AllWords

=back

=item 0.03

Fri Mar 11 15:25:18 2005 (all changes by JM)

=over

=item 1)

added scripts for converting semcor files and formatting the output for 
Senseval

=item 2)

added another test script

=item 3)

changed the input format(s) to wsd.pl

=item 4)

expanded documentation

=back

=item 0.02

Mon Jan 17 10:01:00 2005 (all changes by JM)

=over

=item 1)

added part of speech coercion option

=item 2)

expanded discussions in README

=back

=item 0.01

Wed Nov  3 12:52:33 2004 (all changes by JM)

=over

=item 1)

original version; created by h2xs 1.23 with options 
-n WordNet::SenseRelate -X -b 5.6.0

=back

=back

=head1 AUTHORS

 Varada Kolhatkar, University of Minnesota, Duluth
 kolha002 at d.umn.edu

 Ted Pedersen, University of Minnesota, Duluth
 tpederse at d.umn.edu

This document last modified by :
$Id: CHANGES.pod,v 1.14 2009/01/23 02:26:30 kvarada Exp $

=head1 SEE ALSO
README, INSTALL, TODO

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE
Copyright (c) 2008, Varada Kolhatkar, Ted Pedersen, Jason Michelizzi

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover
Texts.

Note: a copy of the GNU Free Documentation License is available on
the web at L<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html> and is included in
this distribution as FDL.txt.

=cut

