=head1 NAME

TODO things to do for WordNet::SenseRelate::AllWords 

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Plans for future versions of AllWords, including AllWords.pm, wsd.pl 
driver, and web interface. 

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=head2 For version 0.11

=over

=item

Store error code and error message in AllWords object which will 
be useful in AllWords clients, that is allwords_server.pl and 
wsd.pl.
We can check for those errors and take appropriate actions in the
client code. 

=item

Had a number of reported test failures in 0.08 due to WordNet version 
issues. Need to add version checks to test cases to avoid this. These 
tests should use WordNet::Tools, not the deprecated version() method in 
QueryData. 

=item  

Move sentence splitter from wsd.pl to util program. All input formats 
will assume that input is one sentence per line, one line per sentence. 

=item  

Expanding set of POS tags that can be used, either by modifying 
AllWords.pm or allowing user to submit a config file of some kind 
defining the tag set. At present limited to Penn TreeBank set of 47 
tags. 

=item  

Return codes that identifies trace level (to enable color coding).

=item  

Graceful shutdown and restart of web server. Allow for a stop or restart 
command from the command line, rather than having to kill the process. 

=item  

Adding proper logging for server. (What does this mean?)

=item  

Make a design decision about whether web interface should communicate 
directly with AllWords.pm via disambiguation method, or should use 
wsd.pl command.

=item 

Develop methods for testing web interface, or at least directly testing 
disambiguate method as used by web interface. Should have test cases 
that can be run to demonstrate problems as listed here, and also make 
sure that once they are fixed they stay fixed. 

=item 

Expand the testing in /t for AllWords.pm and wsd.pl. Right now it's 
quite minimal, and has very limited coverage. We should have multiple .t 
files, organized in some way to indicate what kind of testing we are 
doing, maybe based on format and then options being used, as in tagged.t 
for testing pos tagged data, wntagged.t for wordnet tagged data, raw.t 
or plain.t for that format, and so there. There is no reason that the 
testing be confined to one file per module or program as it is now. 

=back

=head1 AUTHORS

 Varada Kolhatkar, University of Minnesota, Duluth
 kolha002 at d.umn.edu

 Ted Pedersen, University of Minnesota, Duluth
 tpederse at d.umn.edu

This document last modified by : 
$Id: TODO.pod,v 1.5 2008/05/29 16:48:55 kvarada Exp $ 

=head1 SEE ALSO


=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2008, Varada Kolhatkar, Ted Pedersen, Jason Michelizzi

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover
Texts.

Note: a copy of the GNU Free Documentation License is available on
the web at L<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html> and is included in
this distribution as FDL.txt.

=cut
