=head1 NAME

INSTALL.web - [Web] Installation instructions for WordNet::SenseRelate::AllWords Web interface

=head1 SYNOPSIS

       cp -R cgi-bin/allwords/ WEB_SERVER_DIR/cgi-bin/	
       cp -R htdocs/allwords/ WEB_SERVER_DIR/htdocs/
       cd /usr/local/apache2/cgi-bin/allwords/
       perl ./allword_server.pl

Use your web server's directory in place of WEB_SERVER. 
Note that WEB_SERVER is NOT an environment variable. 

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=over

=item 1.

This guide assumes that you are using the Apache web server. If you are 
using a different server, then the setup process will probably vary a 
little. 


=item 2.

The following Modules and their dependencies are required by the
SenseRelate::AllWords web interface :

      WordNet::Similarity
      WordNet::Tools
      WordNet::SenseRelate::AllWords

All these modules are available at CPAN. Please refer to README.web.pod 
for more information about installation of these modules. Before 
installing the web interface all these dependencies must be resolved.  
Please refer to INSTALL.pod of WordNet-SenseRelate-AllWords for 
installing dependencies. 

=item 3.

Copy cgi-bin/allwords directory to the cgi-bin directory of your web 
server. In our case, as a user of apache, WEB_SERVER is equal to 
/usr/local/apache2. For example, while installing our web server, we copied as below 
:

     cp -R cgi-bin/allwords/ /usr/local/apache2/cgi-bin/
Note that the location of cgi-bin may vary depending upon your 
operating system and web server. 

=item 4.

Copy htdocs/allwords directory to the htdocs directory of your web server. 
For example, while installing our web server, we copied as below :

     cp -R htdocs/allwords/ /usr/local/apache2/htdocs/

WEB_SERVER/htdocs/allwords/allwords.html assumes that your WEB_SERVER/cgi-bin/allwords/ resides in 
/usr/local/apache/cgi-bin/. This may vary depending upon your operating system and the web 
server you use. Please modify these paths in allwords.html accordingly. 
You need to change the paths at two locations. One for allwords.cgi and the other for version.cgi.


=item 5.

Several output files are created by the web-interface for which it 
requires read, write and execute permissions to the user_data/ 
directory. Thus make sure that "others" user level has 
read-write-execute access to the cgi-bin/allwords/user_data and 
htdocs/allwords/user_data directory. Similarly make sure if .pl and 
.cgi files in cgi-bin/allwords/ directory have execute permission for 
all users including "others" user level. 

=item 6.

The installation assumes that you have WordNet installed on the default 
path i.e. /usr/local/WordNet-3.0.  If you have WordNet installed on 
path other than /usr/local/WordNet-3.0/, then you need to modify 
cgi-bin/allwords/allwords_server.pl to point to the appropriate path.

=item 7.

Starting the web server.

	1) Go to the cgi-bin/allwords directory of your web server
	2) start the web server. 

For example we start the web server as below

	cd /usr/local/apache2/cgi-bin/allwords/
	nohup ./allword_server.pl &

The server log is stored at cgi-bin/allwords/log.txt. 

=item 8. 

Automatic start up.

If you would like the web server to start automatically when your system 
is rebooted, you can modify your /etc/rc.local file to include the 
following: 

 # start apache (must be done before starting allwords)

 /usr/local/apache2/bin/apachectl -k start

 # start allwords server

 OLDPWD=`pwd`
 cd /usr/local/apache2/cgi-bin/allwords
 /usr/local/apache2/cgi-bin/allwords/allwords_server.pl &
 cd $OLDPWD

The above assumes that you are using Linux. Your path names may vary 
depending on hwo you have installed apache.

=back

=head1 AUTHORS

 Varada Kolhatkar, University of Minnesota, Duluth
 kolha002 at d.umn.edu

 Ted Pedersen, University of Minnesota, Duluth
 tpederse at d.umn.edu

This document last modified by : 
$Id: INSTALL.web.pod,v 1.7 2008/05/30 00:44:40 tpederse Exp $ 

=head1 SEE ALSO

 L<README.web.pod> L<INSTALL.pod>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2008, Varada Kolhatkar, Ted Pedersen, Jason Michelizzi

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover
Texts.

Note: a copy of the GNU Free Documentation License is available on
the web at L<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html> and is included in
this distribution as FDL.txt.

=cut

