=head1 NAME

README.web - README file for Web interface of WordNet::SenseRelate::AllWords

=head1 SYNOPSIS

This document briefly describes the web interface of  
L<WordNet::SenseRelate::AllWords>. The Web interface allows user to 
enter a sentence along with different options, reads the data entered 
by the user, calls appropriate AllWords.pm methods and displays results.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=head2 Software Dependencies

The following Modules are required by WordNet::SenseRelate::AllWords Web 
interface :

=over 
=item *  WordNet::Tools
=item *  WordNet::SenseRelate::AllWords
=item *  WordNet::SenseRelate::Tools
=back

All of these modules are available at CPAN. Please refer to INSTALL.pod 
of WordNet-SenseRelate-AllWords for information about installing 
dependencies.

=head2 Web Interface File Structure

This web interface distribution contains two 
directories: 

 1) cgi-bin/allwords 
 2) htdocs/allwords 

The cgi-bin/allwords directory contains the following three Perl scripts:
 
 1) allwords.cgi
 2) allwords_server.pl
 3) version.cgi

The interface employs a client-server model.  The two CGI scripts,
allwords.cgi and version.cgi, are the clients of the server 
allwords_server.pl. It is allwords_server.pl that actually interacts 
with AllWords.pm.

The cgi-bin/allwords directory also contains the following directory, 
which is used for temporary storage of user input: 

 1) user_data/ 

The htdocs/allwords directory contains one html script and user_data 
directory: 

 1) allwords.html
 2) user_data/

allwords.html displays a user interface to the user and posts data to 
allwords.cgi or version.cgi. After all processing is done, the contents 
of cgi-bin/allwords/user_data directory are moved to  
htdocs/allwords/user_data directory so that the user can browse his 
input files and results.  

Note that the server, allwords_server.pl should be run on the same 
machine on which your web server is running.

Please refer to the documentation of allwords_server.pl, allword.cgi and  
version.cgi for more details about how server-client communicate with 
each other.  

=head1 OPTIONS

Please refer to the README.pod of WordNet-SenseRelate-AllWords for 
information about the various options present on the user interface. 
This  document only discusses differences in web interface options with 
wsd.pl options.

=head2 Input Text 

The sentence entered in the web interface can be one of the three formats below.

=over 

=item 1.
raw :  The movie star married the director. 

=item 2.
tagged : The/DT star/NN married/VBD the/DT director/NN

=item 3.
wntagged : The star#n married#v the director#n

=back
   
wsd.pl supports one more format, parsed format, which is NOT supported 
in the web interface. We plan to eliminate 'parsed' and 'raw' formats 
and replace them with 'plain' format in future release.    

=head2 Stoplist

If the user doesn't upload a stoplist, the default stoplist will 
automatically be used, UNLESS the user unchecks the default stoplist 
option (which is always on). If the user unchecks this option and does 
not upload their own stoplist, then no stoplist will be employed. 

However, if the user uploads their own stoplist and also checks the box 
for using the default stoplist, the user's stoplist will override the 
default and be used.

=head2 Trace

The trace option allows the user to select multiple trace levels at the 
same time. The sum of all trace values is sent to AllWords.pm while 
creating AllWords object. The trace can be viewed by clicking on 'See 
Trace output'. It is also available in result files as trace.txt for 
future reference.          

The following options of wsd.pl are not supported in the web interface

=over

=item 1.
uploading context as a file

=item 2.
parsed format.  
This option will eventually be combined with raw

=item 3.
uploading config file

=item 4.
uploading compounds file

=back

=head1 AUTHORS

 Varada Kolhatkar, University of Minnesota, Duluth
 kolha002 at d.umn.edu

 Ted Pedersen, University of Minnesota, Duluth
 tpederse at d.umn.edu

This document last modified by : 
$Id: README.web.pod,v 1.5 2008/04/10 04:19:36 tpederse Exp $ 

=head1 BUGS

Sometimes correct messages are not displayed because currently, the web server handles the error messages which are supposed to be handled by AllWords.pm


=head1 SEE ALSO

allwords.cgi, version.cgi, INSTALL.web.pod, README.pod

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2008, Varada Kolhatkar, Ted Pedersen, Jason Michelizzi

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;
with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover
Texts.

Note: a copy of the GNU Free Documentation License is available on
the web at L<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html> and is included in
this distribution as FDL.txt.

=cut
